Activity 1 - Gantt Chart
Activity 2 - Flow Charts
Activity 3 - Pseudocode
Activity 4 - Test Log
Activity 5 - Code
Activity 6 - Evaluation
Additional files:
data - has all 3 csv files.
Scenario Brief - the word document that has all the information.

Key:
F - Flow Chart
P - Pseudocode
C - Code

-- Activities^
Aveson Carvalho
Abdulqadir Mohamedali
Cole Rudkin
Oluwasanmi Emmanuel Bodunwa
Abdullah Amod

-- people^


o-do list:
Gantt Chart - Aveson (in progress)
Test Plan - All. (later)
Login - Abdulqadir: F & P & C (code needs to be finished) (pseudocode needs changing)
Menu - Abdulqadir: C, Aveson: F & P (finished)
Rooms - Cole: F & P (going to start)
Classes - Emmanuel: F, Aveson: P (flowchart needs finishing)
Leveling - 
Leaderboard - Cole: F & P (finished)
Saving Data & Loading Data - Emmanuel: F, Aveson: P (finished)
Inventory - 
Gameplay - 
Modifying CSVs - Aveson: C (later)


Steps:
•Create a main menu function that displays the options to start a new game, load a game, or view high scores.

•Create a function to load a saved game with the user's stats. The user needs to enter their username and password, and the stats will be loaded into a data structure with the correct index name as the stat type.

•Create a function to view high scores that displays the top ten players in the game, sorted by their levels.

•Create a game function that asks the user for their username, password, and profession from a predetermined list.

•Depending on the profession chosen, the user will start with specific equipment and stats.

•The game will prompt the user if they are ready to start the adventure, and once they confirm, they will go through doors and fight random monsters.

The user will have a chance to get a chest with a random item (either equipment, potions, or a new magic spell for magic-users only).

•Each equipment item will give the player a boost to their stats that will be randomly generated.

•The user will gain experience points for every monster they defeat, and they will level up based on the amount of experience gained.

•Each time the user levels up, their base stats will increase based on their class.

•The user's stats will be saved locally to a CSV file when they try to exit the game.